# Meeting Minutes Team 28 11/15/22

**Topic: Subteam Checkin for Sprint 2**

**Location: Zoom**

**Start + End Time: 6-6:30, 8-8:30 PM**

## Attendance
- Yash
- Neelay
- Ojeen
- Vaughan
- Kevin
- Jihun
- Linda

## Agenda

- Discuss progress of each subteam

## Discussion

- CI/CD
  - Deleted stale branches
  - Discussed merging current branch to dev so that linting is available in dev
    - Need to fix `index.html` before merging
- Logic
  - 2 JSON files: 1 for chores in current list, 1 for storing all previous chores
  - Made JSON template
  - Discussed encapsulation-related ideas
  - Make sure to push and pull to `Logic` branch often
