# Meeting Minutes Team 28 11/19/22

**Topic: Discussing work in each subteam**

**Location: Zoom**

**Start + End Time: 10-10:50 PM**

## Attendance
- Neelay
- Yash

## Agenda

- Review what the "storage update" team did
- Review what the "UI + integration" team did
- Prep for tomorrow's meeting

## Discussion
- Storage Update
  - Implemented addChore, removeChore, updateDocument
  - Dummy functions for getChores, saveChores
  - Next steps involves adding event listeners to control function calls
- Integration
  - Redesigning chore card
  - Did breakout rooms
  - Working on resolving main page styling with "add chore" form
  - Built a plan for integration, cross component testing
- Will discuss team video plan tomorrow
  - Might use IEEE project space for recording
  - Will discuss script

### Gagan send us a slack message if u see these meeting minutes I want to know if you read these
- **WILL DELETE CODE IF MAIN.JS IS CHAGED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:(**
- Taked about Planned Integratin tests
- Will delete slack server once class is done
- Yash will remove all my admin rights if I commit this file
