# Meeting Minutes Team 28 11/28/22

**Topic: Sprint Review and Retro**

**Location: Geisel library**

**Start + End Time: 4-5 PM**

## Attendance
- Yash
- Neelay
- Jihun
- Vaughan
- Justin
- Kevin
- Ojeen
- Linda

## Agenda

- Discuss Sprint 3
- Assess what was good/bad

## Sprint 3

- CI/CD
  - add to flowchart --> add deployment
    - push to main trigger
    - auto deploy on notify
  - updated 2 pages discussing the status of pipline
  - new CI/CD video
  - code quality
  - automated test framework
  - JS docs

- Testing

  - E2E
    - 1. document tests
    - 2. implement: mob coding / pair
  - Unit tests
  - team leaders will verify if we need to do pixel testing

- CSS documentation
  - clean up CSS files and documente those
  - CSS Styling
  - HTML needs also some documentation

- Styling

  - We need to make it more phone friendly

## Retrospective Main Points

- How did things go?
  - Glad:
    - We were able to finish the MVP and everyone equally particapted
    - Our video was top 15 in playlist.
    - Mob coding went well
  - Sad:
    - We were not able to finish everything in Sprint
    - Midterms + time conflicts made it hard to get everything done
    - Sad we could not meet in person for mob coding
  - Mad:
    - Could not go to Friendsgiving
    - sleep-deprivation
    - subteam ci/cd did not had enough time to work on CI/CD
    - Unit testing was not well defined by team leads
- How can we improve?
  - Improve specifications for unit tests
  - Refocus on CI/CD
  - Attempt to meet more in-person
  - Schedule meetings in advance to give members enough of a heads-up