# Meeting Minutes Team 28 11/28/22

**Topic: Sprint Review and Retro**

**Location: Geisel library**

**Start + End Time: 4-5 PM**

## Attendance
- Yash
- Neelay
- Jihun
- Vaughan
- Justin
- Kevin
- Ojeen

## Agenda
- Discuss Sprint 3
- Assess what was good/bad

## Sprint 3

-CI/CD 

  - add to flowchart --> add deployment 
                          - push to main trigger
                          - auto deploy on notify 
  - updated 2 pages discussing the status of pipline
  - new CI/CD video
  - code quality 
  - automated test framework
  - JS docs

- Testing

  - E2E
    - 1. document tests
    - 2. implement: mob coding / pair
  - Unit tests 
  - team leaders will verify if we need to do pixel testing

- CSS documentation
  - clean up CSS files and documente those
  - CSS Styling 
  - HTML needs also some documentation
  
- Styling

  - We need to make it more phone friendly 
  - 

## Retrospective Main Points

- How did things go?
  - Glad:
     We were able to finish the MVP and everyone equally particapted 
     Our video was top 15 in playlist.
     mob coding went well
  - Sad:
     We were not able to finish everything in Sprint.
     Unit testing was not well defined by team leads
     Midterms + time conflicts made it hard to get everything done
     sad we could not meet in person for mob coding 
  - Mad:
    Could not go to friends giving
    sleep-deprivation 
    subteam ci/cd did not had enough time to work on CI/CD
  